Hello, is that Master Xu?
Speak quickly
I'm busy, it's not good, Master Xu
Then Lin Fan seems to have contacted the Governor
I want to grab Dawan Square with you?
Fart, Lin Fan is also worthy of knowing the Governor
As expected of Chen Xiaobo's play
Once Lin Fan succeeds
At that time, the Qiao family is bound to rise
And Sister Qinghe will also become the president of the group
It's not good for you or me.
So you go back and do something to Uncle Biao
Other things.
Leave it to me.
It's too dangerous
If the family finds out
People will be scolded
I will acquire the Bridge Group immediately after this is done
You are the president
Thank you Mr. Xu
I'll do it tomorrow.
Wei Wei, why are you here?
It's not about you working day and night for the Qiao family
So I came to see you specially?
Is that right?